"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." - John F. Kennedy
"Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person." - Mother Teresa
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
"Don't count the days, make the days count." - Muhammad Ali
"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
"If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude." - Maya Angelou
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." - Robert Frost
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." - Epictetus
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"Life is change, growth is optional. Choose wisely." - Karen Kaiser Clark
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." - Helen Keller
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." - Confucius
"Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans." - Allen Saunders
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." - John Lennon
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"The best revenge is massive success." - Frank Sinatra
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
"The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that's changing quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks." - Mark Zuckerberg
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"The harder I work, the luckier I get." - Samuel Goldwyn
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
"The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
"The only thing that stands between you and your dream is the will to try and the belief that it is actually possible." - Joel Brown
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The only thing we know about the future is that it will be different." - Peter Drucker
"The only thing you can do is play along at life, and hope that sometimes you get it right." - Dexter Morgan
"The only time to look down on someone is when you are helping them up." - Jesse Jackson
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." - Dalai Lama
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde
"To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence." - Mark Twain
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe." - Albert Einstein
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water." - Rabindranath Tagore
"You can't have a better tomorrow if you're still thinking about yesterday." - Charles Kettering
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs